applications: nrf_desktop: Disable USB remote wakeup on nRF54H20 (#17039)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/releases_and_maturity/releases/release-notes-changelog.rst

    For details, see :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state_sof_synchronization`.
  * Local HID report buffering in :ref:`nrf_desktop_usb_state`.
    This ensures that the memory buffer passed to the USB next stack is valid until a HID report is sent and allows to enqueue up to two HID input reports for a USB HID instance (used only when :ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_HID_REPORT_SENT_ON_SOF <config_desktop_app_options>` Kconfig option is enabled).

>   * Kconfig dependency to prevent enabling USB remote wakeup (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_REMOTE_WAKEUP <config_desktop_app_options>`) for nRF54H20 SoC.
>     The DWC2 USB device controller driver used by nRF54H20 SoC does not support remote wakeup capability.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Kconfig dependency that prevents enabling USB remote wakeup (:ref:`CONFIG_DESKTOP_USB_REMOTE_WAKEUP <config_desktop_app_options>`) for the nRF54H20 SoC.
    The DWC2 USB device controller driver used by the nRF54H20 SoC does not support the remote wakeup capability.
```
